So in this module, we worked with a lot of native device features.
We finished with maps but throughout
the module, you also learned how to work with SQLite database to have an on device database for
data that you want to share
for this user on this device, obviously it's not a database you could use for data that you want to share
with other users because it's only running on this device but you often have data that belongs to a
certain device or a certain user
and then, you can use the SQL database if it's a bit more complex than just a token or something like
that which we stored in shared preferences earlier, SQL or this database simply allows you to store
more complex, more structured data. Besides the database and the maps,
we also had a look at working with the filesystem to store our files and specifically, to store an image
because you learned how to work with the camera, with the image picker plugin here and in general, you
learned how to work with plugins, how to ensure that you set them up correctly to manage permissions, to
restart the app after you added a plugin package and therefore, you hopefully gained a lot of knowledge
that is helpful to you in your next applications.
Now obviously, we could just scratch the surface on all these packages,
there is so much more you can do with maps, so much more you can do with the camera and with SQLite
package and therefore, the official documentation of these packages or of the Google Maps API
is the place where you should go if you plan on building an app that heavily utilizes Google Maps or
that does more advanced things with SQLite but with the knowledge gained here, you should have all
the fundamentals you need to build these more complex apps.